Bitter Winter Su Daqiang
Do you still want face?
Marshal
Please forgive me for leaving without saying goodbye
Just because I went out with Miss Su a few days ago
He was plotted by the bandits of Qianlang Mountain
Fall into the mountains
Thanks to Lord Wu's help
We can escape
Daughter, what he said is true
Hmm handsome
Of course there were times when Song Xun left without saying goodbye
But these days
He is also taking care of the lady
I see
Why don't you hand over the latest case to him?
Rieter makes amends
So be it.
cold winter
Tell him the case
The case is called the Dao Tong case
A family of six
All lost their children overnight
City rumors
A few days ago was the birthday of the Dragon King
These families have offended the Dragon King
Of course the Dragon King took all their children back
As punishment
Dragon King eats children
That sounds ridiculous.
So where do these six people live?
Yihe Road in the north of the city
Xuanbei Dongxi Road
And Huaqiu Road in the south.
Engagement Road and Chenghua Avenue
If the dark particles are uneven
Then what else do we need to do with these martial arts?
The old rule is to plant the flag from the family first
I went to see the victim's family immediately
I'll go with you.
What's up with this kid?
Why did you let us go?
Who knows?
Can't keep him anyway
Otherwise, we won't be able to live if it comes to light